[Music]
the secret behind any chef's success is
that not only you live and die on what
you put on the plates but it's not a job
it's a passion and I think that's pretty
evidence
[Music]
the wine label the vineyard will they
stand for this uni is something you
can't drink lots of birds a sip is
memorable
at last as magical and a bottle is
legendary
[Music]
I went cap in hand 12 years ago to
Mission relax down to the vineyard and
asked for their permission to open the
restaurant Patrice I cook for them and I
give them an insight to what the truce
meant to me what France gave to me is my
bedrock my my passport and then I told
them I was going to do with the
restaurant and my ambitions for that
[Music]
the truce is a unique opportunity to get
some of the best wines in the world
coupled with some of the most creative
innovative food on the planet
you